h1. JIRA-Import

This is a rather crude and flawed perl-app for importing issues into JIRA. 

h2. Installation

Track down and install all the deps :p I need to make a propper Makefile.PL I guess

h2. Usage

<pre>
    jira-import --configfile etc/yourconfig.yml
</pre>

h3. Example config

<pre>
    filename: etc/uservoice.yml
<code>
    ---
    client:
        - https://jira.my.com/              # Your JIRA base url
        - uservoice                         # Your jira username
        - *********                         # Your jira password
    filter: UserVoice
    input:
        class: UserVoice
        args:
            account_key: your_account_key   # This is usually a short textstring, like a username
            api_key: your_api_key           # This is a long sequence, like a hash
            forum: 31337                    # This is a number, which can be found in the URL on uservoice
    project: JIRA                           # Your project key in jira ()
    remote_id_custom_field: 10083           # Your custom field ID of a field where we can store the remote_id
    remote_issue_type: 12                   # The type of issue you want to create in JIRA
    
</code>
</pre>

h3. Config sections explained

h4. client:

This is three items in a list, url, username, password. It's passed verbatim to 
JIRA::Client.

h4. filter

A filter to apply to your input, if any. For now there are only one filter, UserVoice,
which filters WWW::UserVoice::API-suggestions into JIRA-issues

h4. input

Lets you specify the source you want to read issues from. For now we only support one
source, and that is (You prolly guessed it :p) UserVoice suggestions :)

The format of the config is supposed to be future-proof, but time will show once I need
to add more sources.

h4. project

The Project in JIRA you want to import issues into (This should be the short-form, key)

h4. remote_id_custom_field

I create a field of the type Import id in jira to store the uservoice id in. That way
I can keep running the importer, and it will just create each issue once.

bq. Note that this field MUST be added to the create screen of the project you are
creating issues in, otherwise the API won't allow setting it. If you use the Import id
type, it won't show up for your users anyways (since it's read only and hidden).

h4. remote_issue_type

This is the type of issue you want to create in jira.

h2. TODO / Going forward

* I have plans to expand the config to allow multiple projects and inputs, so that
you only need one config-file for mutliple forums on uservoice for instance
